Uh...
I'm sorry...
Sorry, sorry!
It's fine, just go wash up.
Okay...
(Visual Design) (Industrial
Design) (Media Design)
And Architectural Design too.
There are all kinds of
different design fields,
but for today's class,
we'll only be covering...
Is everything okay?
What?
No...
[Your request to return has been denied. What
are you doing in the human world right now?
If you want to come back, stop
letting humans sway you. At this rate,
you really could get trapped
there. I'll file an appeal for now.]
Huh?
Why'd class end so late?
Something happen?
Nothing really.
What are you up to now?
Nothing, really.
Then come help me train.
Me too?
Yeah.
Think of it as working out
I'll teach you some self-defense.
What if I don't want to?
Then I'll just take Jihan with me.
You're coming with me, right?
Uh... yeah.
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
[Lecture Hall]
Hyunjun helps me train pretty often.
Ohhh...
Oh, want me to lend you a training uniform?
Mm... I'm okay.
What's wrong?
Huh?
You okay?
Uh... yeah, I'm fine.
You're not hurt or anything?
I... I'm really...
really okay...
Alright then.
Okay, let's start with stretching.
Okay.
Put your legs together.
Now bend forward nice and slow.
- Stretch, stretch, stretch.
- Ah... ah... ahh!!
Loosen up your back too.
Other side now.
Are you good at splits?
I've never tried...
Let's find out.
Spread your legs!
Your hands!
Alright, I'm pulling now, okay?
Streeetch.
Ahh wait wait wait!
Ahhh seriously seriously, hold on!!
More! More!
No no no no!
You can do it, you can do it!
- Streeetch.
- Seriously!!
Streeetch!
I can't breathe...
Uh... sorry sorry sorry!
Alright, wanna start for real now?
Yeah!
Give me your hand.
Think you can copy this?
Yeah!
Go for it.
Uh... Kang Jihan! Kang Jihan, let go!
Hey, let go of my hand! Get down, get down!
Did I do good?
Hey, okay okay... hold on!
Alright, should we move on to the next one?
Sounds good.
This time it's a takedown move.
Grab your opponent by the chest,
hook their leg, and...
Harder than it looks, right?
Yeah.
Try throwing me.
If you manage it today,
I'll grant you one wish.
Seriously?
You better not take that back later.
'Cause I won't go easy on you this time.
Nah, again.
Come at me!
That's not how you do it.
Try again, try again.
Again, again.
Hey!
That's cheating!
There you go!
I don't think you can...
Guess I can't grant your wish after all.
Uh... what?
Jihan isn't actually a
student at our school?
Yeah
I asked the professor in
charge of the freshmen,
and he had no idea who he was.
At first I thought maybe
he was just forgettable,
so I asked some freshmen too...
but nobody knew him.
No clue how he even ended up here...
Honestly, something felt
off about him from the start.
He kept saying weird stuff.
Weird stuff?
Ah, when you asked before,
I didn't really say anything,
but the first time we met,
he was talking about
taking me somewhere
and all kinds of creepy stuff.
Anyway, I don't think he's normal.
Try getting out of this too.
Ah, wait a second.
Hard, right?
Come here!
[Poster reminding gym-goers
to maintain basic decency/hygiene]
See? Not easy, right?
Man, I shouldn't have come...
What?
Hey, now you're hurting my feelings
I'm kidding.
It was really fun.
Right? It was fun, wasn't it?
What? You leaving?
Yeah, aren't you?
I'm gonna train a little
more before I head out.
Oh wait.
Drink this.
Oh, thanks.
Then I'll get going first.
Get home safe.
Ugh... ha...
This is really not the time for this...
Hey there.
This belongs to you, right?
The death ledger.
You can't go back anymore.
Why are you here
when you're not even in our department?
I'm here to ask Jihan to revise the logo.
Get out already.
We don't allow sweaty outsiders in here.
Sweaty?
Then why the hell are you always here?
Me?
Oh, you're here?
Come here.
What are you doing?
Jihan is sitting next to me.
No, he's sitting next to me.
Uh... I should probably get going first.
He left because of the
way you were glaring at him.
No, he left because you smell sweaty.
What?
"Fix the Error!"